OSSM 3.0 TP1: OSSM-6060 OSSM3 with cert-manager and istio-csr (#83665)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-cert-manager-istio-csr-revisionbased-strategy.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/install/ossm-cert-manager-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="revision-based-istio-csr-installation_{context}"]

> = istio-csr installation: RevisionBased update strategy

Reviewer: See my comment about the in place update strategy title.

> Follow this procedure if you are going to set `spec.updateStrategy` to `RevisionBased` when you create and install your `Istio` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you plan to set the `spec.updateStrategy` field to `RevisionBased` when you create and install your `Istio` resource, follow this procedure.
```

> If you plan to set the `spec.updateStrategy` field to `RevisionBased` when you create and install your `Istio` resource, follow this procedure.

Reviewer: See my comment about the in place update strategy introduction.

.Procedure

> . Specify all the istio revisions to your `istio-csr` deployment.

Reviewer 2: - Should "istio" be "Istio"?
- Is there anything else people should know in order to complete this step?

> . Specify all the Istio revisions to your `istio-csr` deployment.

Reviewer: It isn't clear what this means. Am I expected to define the revisions in a deployment custom resource? Run a command? How do I specify the revisions?

> . Add the jetstack charts to your local Helm repo by running the following command:

Reviewer: See the comment above. In the upstream cert-manager docs, Jetstack is a proper noun. Also s/repository/repo.

+
[source, terminal]
----

> helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io --force-update

Reviewer: terminal code blocks must be prefixed with a command prompt. This applies throughout.

----

> . Install the `istio-csr` chart with your revision name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Install the `istio-csr` chart with your revision name by running the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
helm upgrade cert-manager-istio-csr jetstack/cert-manager-istio-csr \
    --install \
    --namespace cert-manager \
    --wait \
    --set "app.tls.rootCAFile=/var/run/secrets/istio-csr/ca.pem" \
    --set "volumeMounts[0].name=root-ca" \
    --set "volumeMounts[0].mountPath=/var/run/secrets/istio-csr" \
    --set "volumes[0].name=root-ca" \
    --set "volumes[0].secret.secretName=istio-root-ca" \
    --set "app.istio.namespace=istio-system" \
    --set "app.istio.revisions={default-v1-23-0}"
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> Revision names are formatted as follows: `<istio-name><istio-version-with-dashes>`. For example: `default-v1-23-0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revision names use the following format, `<istio-name>-v<major_version>-<minor_version>-<patch_version>`. For example: `default-v1-23-0`.
```
